ok hello everyone um so as you saw in my
last video I've been making mamegoma
plushies I've always really liked to
make my own government plush or I've
always really liked to make plushies um
and I saw razmik strawberries plushies I
thought they're super adorable so I
thought I should give myself a go at
this so yeah you've already kind of seen
these guys especially this one because I
made him in the little video kind of
tutorial guide line speed so thing I
don't know what to call it but yeah and
I accidentally sowed decide on backwards
so but the character already had a
little white spot on his belly so I was
saved so yeah and then this one's first
one I made and these are using the same
pattern and they kind of turned out
really different by hand so them so
everyone's different I guess but today I
made the sky he is about three inches
long as opposed to these guys being 5
inches long um I don't know if I can go
any smaller I had such a hard time like
flipping him inside out but he was
really cute and rinse he really fun too
so this little spot muzzle um our snout
and if you can see that his eyes are
made out of beads three
black beads um yeah i don't i'm going to
michaels tomorrow or on saturday to get
some felt because i like felt more than
pleased i feel like fleece once you kind
of use it it gets a little pili and just
not fun and a little bit harder to sew
on smaller things like these guys um so
I like fault I mean I think this guy is
just a nice bright of felt you might be
fleece I don't know but uh so yeah and
I'm also going to get some more stuffing
and some actual plushie eyeballs because
these don't really work too well from
these guys actually their eyeballs you
can see this one has polymer clay
painted black eye balls with sculpey
clay is just to shine em and I need to
re gloss them story didn't get to gloss
at the first time and these his eyeballs
are these little sort of pebbles things
that I had um you can see they just I
like those little tiny pebbles um you
put in flowers and stuff I got in crafts
section they were like three dollars for
like a giant pack and I paint them black
acrylic paint i just used regular clear
nail polish over it but i think black
nail polish would work with these two
and i just super glued them on or
something i don't like the fabric glue i
have it's not really nice yeah so i hope
you liked them i'm going to hopefully
make the whole series in all the sizes
and make a little white one with the
blue muslin side of the pink one and i'm
going to get started on a little tiny
baby series 1 i also have a pattern for
bigger one of course but I need more
felt and stuff I need more materials
because I almost am completely out of
stuffing I have probably enough for 11
more of these little guys so yeah if you
like them please tell me I might be
selling them I don't know um yeah and if
you're curious also the muzzles they are
hand painted on with
relic paint because acrylic paint is
waterproof once it dries now just use
the regular craft smart brand so yeah I
hope you enjoyed this video and please
comment in the down bar if there are any
other creatures characters or just
inanimate objects that you want me to
make because I i can make plushies
really out of anything so yeah I hope
you enjoyed this video and bye